REQUIREMENTS

For the most current requirements, please visit http://www.sitellite.org/

Server Requirements
-------------------

Apache Web Server:

The Apache web server version 1.3 or greater, configured with "AllowOverride
All" or "AllowOverride FileInfo Indexes" (will require access to httpd.conf if
this is not set correctly) and mod_rewrite.  Available from
http://www.apache.org/

PHP Language:

PHP 4.3 or greater, compiled as an Apache module and CLI-mode enabled.
Available from http://www.php.net/

MySQL Database:

MySQL 4.1 or greater.  Available from http://www.mysql.com/

Other Databases:

Oracle, SQLite, and others can be used as secondary data sources
via Sitellite's database abstraction layer.  However, a MySQL database is
required for the core web site functionality.

Task Scheduler:

Cron or At command-line tools, or an equivalent scheduling facility.  The
INSTALL file assumes you are using crontab.  Windows users will have to use
the Windows Task Manager, which should be accessible from the Windows Control
Panel. 

Sitellite should run on any operating system supported by these packages,
however we strongly recommend using a Unix operating system, for its
security and stability over Windows.  We test our software primarily on Linux
and Mac OS X.

Client Requirements
-------------------

There are no Sitellite-specific browser requirements for website visitors,
only for the Sitellite administrative interface.

Sitellite supports the following list of browsers:

- Firefox 2.0 or greater on any operating system.
- Safari 3.0 or greater on Mac OS X or Windows.
- Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 or greater on Windows only.

We plan to add support for Opera in the future as well.  If you would like to
help with this, please join us at http://www.sitellite.org/

If you visit the Sitellite administrative login screen
(www.yourWebSite.com/sitellite) with an unsupported browser, it will present an
"Unsupported Browser" notice instead of letting you log in.  From the
"front-end" of the web site, it does not, because your web site member usage
likely doesn't have the same restrictions.

For installation, one of the following is needed:

A File Transfer Protocol (FTP) client or equivalent software (Secure FTP,
scp, etc), and an FTP account on the server on which you wish to run Sitellite.
For FTP clients, we recommend one that is able to set file permissions on
the server recursively.  Transmit on Mac OS X and WinSCP on Windows can both
do this and others may as well.

A Telnet or Secure Shell (SSH) client, and an account on the server on which
you wish to run Sitellite.  This is the preferred method of installing
Sitellite, but requires knowledge of using the Unix command line interface.
